SOURCE: https://www.lawinsider.com/standards/onenda
RETRIEVED: 2026-09-12
LICENSE: CC BY 4.0 (oneNDA)

oneNDA Standard Template – Free Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement | Law Insider

Book a DemoSign InSign Up

AI AssistantWord Add-In
Search Clauses
Resources
About
Pricing

Home
Standard Templates
Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement

Law Insider Certified StandardLaw Insider Standards Hub

oneNDA: Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement
A Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement (NDA) is designed to restrict both parties in a business relationship from sharing confidential information. The oneNDA public standard is a free Mutual NDA template that is completely FREE to use, and can be configured and downloaded into Microsoft Word.
Download Free oneNDA TemplateView Adopters
ADOPTED BY

How to Adopt oneNDA

Save Time
Eliminate negotiations over points that don't matter, speed up negotiations and get to the crux of the contract quicker. It's a no brainer.

Save Effort
Reduce your workload on routine contracts and get your time back so you can focus on the more strategic work that matters to your business most.

Save Money
Remove the cost of processing endless NDAs that have little to no ROI and repurpose your resources to achieve your business objectives.
Download Free oneNDA TemplateView Adopters

"We had a prospect say it was amazing and so much simpler and fairer than the usual NDAs. We then won that customer."

Rob Atkinson
General Counsel at Sorted Group

About oneNDA Non-Disclosure Agreement

What is oneNDA?

oneNDA is a crowd-sourced, open-source Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement. It can be downloaded and used by anyone for free.

Does it cost anything to use oneNDA?

No, oneNDA is entirely free to use and always will be. It is licensed under CC BY 4.0.

Why use oneNDA?

Starting from the same NDA template saves time, money, and effort. It eliminates the battle of forms and the negotiation of non-standard terms, allowing businesses to reach commercial agreements faster and enabling lawyers to focus on more strategic work.

When should I use oneNDA?

oneNDA is designed for typical scenarios where two parties enter into commercial discussions. For complex situations involving personal data or sensitive IP, consult a lawyer to ensure oneNDA is appropriate.

Who drafted it?

oneNDA was collaboratively drafted by leading law firms and in-house lawyers worldwide. No single firm or company is responsible for the drafting. The participating lawyers volunteered their time and did not provide legal advice.Read White Paper

Can I add my company logo to oneNDA?

No. Keeping the branding neutral maintains oneNDA as an industry standard. It also provides you with leverage because it’s not ‘your’ form; it’s a market standard. This also goes towards reducing friction and speeding up your negotiation time.

Why does oneNDA not include some of the clauses I’m used to seeing?

The agreement includes key obligations without unnecessary or overly onerous terms. For details on excluded terms and the rationale, refer to the Graveyard Document.

Can I use my own cover page?

Yes, you may use your own cover page and either copy the body of oneNDA's terms below or incorporate them by reference. You can find the terms of oneNDA here. You may copy the URL into your cover page to give these terms effect, subject to any jurisdictional restrictions.

Which jurisdictions does this NDA work in?

While drafted by lawyers qualified in English, Californian, or Australian law, oneNDA has been adopted globally. However, it's recommended to seek legal advice to ensure the NDA functions as intended under different governing laws.

Can I incorporate the terms of oneNDA by reference?

Yes, you can find the terms of oneNDA here. You may copy the URL into the cover page to give these terms effect, subject to any jurisdictional restrictions. You may use the provided Cover Page or your own.

Can I redline the body of the oneNDA text?

No, but you use the Special Provisions field in the Cover Page to make any changes. Allowing redlines would lead to multiple versions, negating our shared standardization goal. If you must modify the document, please remove all references to oneNDA and its branding.

I want to tell the world I'm using oneNDA, how do I do it?

Join thousands of organizations who are proud oneNDA adopters by adding your name to our Adopter’s Directory. It’s free.View Adopter Directory

Can you help me automate the oneNDA Standard?

Our partners at SimpleDocs have turned all of the Law Insider Standards into workflow automations designed to streamline the send and signature process for larger businesses and other high-volume use cases.Learn About SimpleDocs

How do I start using oneNDA?

Simply download oneNDA for free or incorporate the terms by reference into your cover page or the one we’ve provided here. Populate the Variables fields on the first page and send it to the other party for signature.Implementation Instructions
Download Free oneNDA TemplateView Adopters

oneNDA Download Center

oneNDA Standard Agreement
oneNDA is a crowd-sourced, open-source, free Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement. You may download the document in Word or incorporate the terms by reference either by using our Cover Page or your own. We also offer variations of the Standard and translations, all of which can be found below.

Standard Agreement:Word (DOCX)

Cover Page:Word (DOCX)

Incorporate by Reference:lawinsider.com/standards/onenda/terms/v2.1

Unilateral Non-Disclosure Agreement
A one-way agreement for when one party shares information and the other agrees to keep it confidential.
Word (DOCX)

oneNDA M&A
A mutual confidentiality agreement to protect sensitive information exchanged during merger or acquisition discussions.
Word (DOCX)

oneNDA Standard Agreement (Spanish)
A mutual confidentiality agreement to protect sensitive information exchanged during business discussions in Spanish.
Word (DOCX)

oneNDA Standard Agreement (French)
A mutual confidentiality agreement to protect sensitive information exchanged during business discussions in French.
Word (DOCX)

oneNDA Standard Agreement (Portuguese-BR)
A mutual confidentiality agreement to protect sensitive information exchanged during business discussions in Brazilian Portuguese.
Word (DOCX)

oneNDA Standard Agreement (Portuguese-PT)
A mutual confidentiality agreement to protect sensitive information exchanged during business discussions in Portuguese.
Word (DOCX)

oneNDA Standard Agreement (Japanese)
A mutual confidentiality agreement to protect sensitive information exchanged during business discussions in Japanese.
Word (DOCX)

oneNDA Standard Agreement (German)
A mutual confidentiality agreement to protect sensitive information exchanged during business discussions in German.
Word (DOCX)

oneNDA Standard Agreement (Ukrainian)
A mutual confidentiality agreement to protect sensitive information exchanged during business discussions in Ukrainian.
Word (DOCX)

oneNDA Standard Agreement (Polska)
A mutual confidentiality agreement to protect sensitive information exchanged during business discussions in Polish.
Word (DOCX)

oneNDA Standard Agreement (Chinese)
A mutual confidentiality agreement to protect sensitive information exchanged during business discussions in Chinese.
Word (DOCX)

oneNDA Standard Agreement (Romanian)
A mutual confidentiality agreement to protect sensitive information exchanged during business discussions in Romanian.
Word (DOCX)

Hold up, who drafted oneNDA anyway?
oneNDA is the most expensive NDA ever drafted... and it’s free. It’s gone through an extensive drafting process with leading law firms and in-house lawyers from around the world to produce a simple, easy to use NDA - and it looks good too.How we started oneNDA

oneNDA Adopter Directory
Discover the companies worldwide that have already adopted oneNDAJoin oneNDA Adopter Community

See how Law Insider + SimpleDocs cut NDA review time.Book a Demo

Tools to Draft Better Contracts

About Us
Plans & Pricing
Email Sales
Email Support

Contract Standards
Standards Hub
oneNDA Template
oneSaaS Template
oneDPA Template

Products
SimpleAI
AI Assistant
Masterclass Guide
Legal AI Study 2026
Book a Demo

Public Contracts
Search
Contracts
Clauses
Dictionary
Languages

All contents of the lawinsider.com excluding publicly sourced documents are Copyright © 2013-2026 Law Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Service • Privacy PolicyHelp Ukraine 🇺🇦
