SOURCE: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1042418/000149315225019381/ex10-1.htm
FORM: None EX-10.1
FILED: 2025-10-27
MATCHED QUERY: "shall not exceed the fees paid"
LICENSE: public SEC disclosure (EDGAR); underlying contract publicly filed

EX-10.1
2
ex10-1.htm
EX-10.1

Exhibit
10.1

Certain
personally identifiable information has been omitted from this exhibit pursuant to Item 601(a)(6) of Regulation S-K. [***] indicates
that information has been redacted.

MASTER
SERVICES AGREEMENT

THIS
MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) is made and entered into as of this 21st day of October, 2025, by and between
Frameshift Management, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “Consultant”), a Delaware corporation with an address at 1108 Lavaca
St, Suite 110-329, Austin, TX 78701, and Inhibitor Therapeutics, Inc. (the “Company”) a Delaware corporation with offices
at 3014 West Palmira Ave., Suite 302, Tampa, FL 33629, (hereinafter Consultant and Company may be referred to individually as “Party”
or jointly as “the Parties”).

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
the Company desires to engage Consultant to provide consulting services for biostatistics, regulatory, business development and strategic
consulting in support of Company’s programs in basal cell carcinomas in Gorlin’s syndrome, and related services that the
Company may request (“the Services”); and

WHEREAS,
the Consultant has the skill, expertise, and know-how in certain areas needed to perform the above referenced Services;

NOW,
THEREFORE, in exchange for good and valuable consideration and promises, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties
agree as follows:

1.Engagement.
The Company hereby engages the Consultant and the Consultant hereby accepts such engagement,
upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, for one or more projects. The
specific details of each project, including the services to be performed, compensation, and
term, shall be set forth in separate statements of work (“Statements of Work”
or “SOWs”) executed under this agreement.

2.Term.
This Agreement shall commence on October 21, 2025, and shall continue for an indefinite period
until terminated in accordance with this Agreement. The term of any specific project shall
be set forth in the applicable SOW. During the term of each SOW, Consultant agrees that its
staff will be reasonably available to the Company by remote internet access, at its place
of business, by teleconference, or at such location as the Company may reasonably request,
from time to time, to enable Consultant to perform the Services requested. Consultant shall
be compensated for this engagement in accordance with the compensation rate set forth in
the applicable SOW.

3.Duties.
Upon completion of a signed SOW by the Parties, the Consultant shall provide general consulting
services and assistance to the Company related to the performance of the Services described
in such SOW.

4.Billing
and Performance-based Compensation.

a.As
consideration for all services rendered by Consultant under this Agreement, the Company shall
pay Consultant at the rate of specified in the applicable SOW

b.Consultant
shall be reimbursed for business travel and other expenses incurred in performance of the
services, as set forth in the applicable SOW or as otherwise approved by the Company. Travel
expenses shall be pre-approved and governed by Consultant’s 2025 Travel and Expense
Policy.

c.Consultant
shall issue monthly written invoices to the Company for consulting fees and expenses under
this Agreement. Any payment due Consultant shall be made within fifteen (15) days of receipt
of an invoice, via wire or ACH transfer.

5.Security
and Computer Policies. Consultant shall be subject to and shall at all times conform
to the Company security rules and requirements for the protection of the Company’s
facilities, materials, information, equipment and personnel. Additionally, Consultant shall
comply with all rules of the Company concerning access to computers and networks of the Company,
and its affiliates, and use of computer data and software.

6.Independent
Contractor.

a.The
relationship of the Consultant to the Company shall be that of an independent contractor,
and neither this Agreement nor any conduct hereunder shall be deemed to create a relationship
of employer-employee, partnership, joint venture, subcontractor, or any other teaming or
common enterprise. Consultant shall be responsible for payment of all taxes including Federal,
State and Local taxes arising out of Consultant’s activities in accordance with this
Agreement.

b.The
Consultant shall have no authority to bind the Company to, or assume, enter into, or act
on behalf of the Company for any obligation, agreement, or act.

7.Confidentiality
and Non-Circumvention.

a.During
the term of this Agreement, and at all times thereafter, the Consultant shall keep confidential
and not disclose, any confidential and proprietary information learned as a result of this
Agreement or any SOW, whether belonging to Company or its clients, to any other party other
than in connection with Consultant’s assigned duties and activities hereunder.

b.Consultant
shall not, without the prior written consent of the Company, (a) utilize any confidential
information to circumvent or compete with the Company, or (b) utilize information lawfully
furnished or disclosed to Consultant by a non-party to this Agreement, or information independently
developed by Consultant relative to the Services under this Agreement, to circumvent or compete
with the Company.

c.It
is expressly agreed that the identities of clients, governmental authorities, corporations,
and any other relevant third parties and contracts, processes, etc. constitute confidential
information under this Agreement, and Consultant hereby expressly agrees that it, including,
but not limited to its associates, agents, affiliates, representatives, contractors, shall
not enter into a transaction, directly or indirectly, or attempt or do business with the
Company’s client or with any third party identified or introduced by the Company without
the prior written consent of the Company.

d.Consultant
and Company will enter into a separate form of Confidentiality Agreement (the “CDA”).
The provisions of confidentiality and non-disclosure contained in that NDA shall be incorporated
herein as if set forth at length herein.

8.Non-Compete.
Regarding any of the information referred to in this Agreement, the Consultant agrees not
to use the same to compete with the Company during the term of this Agreement.

9.Inventions
and Pre-Existing Intellectual Property.

a.Any
and all inventions, discoveries, developments, improvements, innovations and copyrightable
material and other intellectual property rights created or conceived by Consultant during
this engagement that are directly related to Company’s programs in basal cell carcinomas
in Gorlin’s syndrome, or incorporate any of Company’s confidential or proprietary
materials or intellectual property, shall be the exclusive property of Company and considered
works made for hire by Consultant for the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, Consultant
hereby grants, transfers and assigns all right, title and interest in the same to Company,
including without limitation the copyright therein throughout the world. Consultant will,
at the request and cost of the Company, promptly sign, make and do all such deeds, documents,
acts and things as the Company may reasonably require in order to effectuate the purpose
of this paragraph.

b.Notwithstanding
Section 9(a), any and all methods, software tools, AI models, prompts, know-how and other
intellectual property developed by Consultant prior to or independently of this engagement
(including any modifications or improvements thereto, even if developed during the term of
this Agreement) (collectively, the “Consultant IP”) – shall remain the
sole and exclusive property of Consultant.

c.In
any event where Consultant’s deliverables under this Agreement incorporate or derive
from Consultant IP, Consultant hereby grants Company a non-exclusive, non-transferable, worldwide
license to use such Consultant IP solely as embedded in, and to the extent required to exploit,
the deliverable, conditioned upon full payment of all amounts due.

10.Termination.
Either Party may, at any time, terminate this Agreement or any SOW (a) for material breach,
if the breaching Party fails to cure within 15 days after written notice, or (b) without
cause upon 45 days prior written notice. In the event of a termination under this paragraph,
Consultant shall complete as soon as possible any tasks pending at the time of termination
unless directed otherwise by the Company, and shall promptly return to the Company all property,
documents, and other information belonging to the Company. If Consultant’s engagement
hereunder is terminated for any reason, Company shall pay Consultant any unpaid fees and
reimburse approved expenses through the Termination Date of the Agreement or the applicable
SOW. This Agreement shall otherwise terminate at the conclusion of the Term outlined herein,
unless the parties agree in writing to an extension or modification of same.

11.Force
Majeure. Neither Party shall be liable for any delay or failure to perform caused by
acts beyond its reasonable control, including acts of God, natural disasters, epidemics,
cyber-attacks, labor disputes, war, terrorism, or governmental action, provided that the
affected Party (a) promptly notifies the other, (b) uses commercially reasonable efforts
to mitigate, and (c) resumes full performance as soon as practicable. If a force-majeure
event persists for more than 30 days, either Party may terminate the affected SOW upon 10
days’ notice.

12.Acknowledgement.
Company and Consultant hereby acknowledge and agree that the terms and conditions contained
in this Agreement are fair and reasonable and necessary for the protection of the legitimate
business interests of Company and Consultant.

13.Prohibition
on Assignment. Because the skill, expertise, and know-how of Consultant is of material
inducement to the Company entering into this Agreement, this Agreement shall not be assignable,
either in whole or in part, by Consultant, nor may Consultant delegate any or all duties,
responsibilities or obligations hereunder.

14.Equitable
Relief. Any breach of the term and conditions of this Agreement or any SOW by Consultant
will result in material damage to the Company. It would be difficult to establish the monetary
value of such damage. Therefore, Company shall be entitled to injunctive relief by a court
of appropriate jurisdiction in the event of Consultant’s breach or threatened breach
of any of the terms of this Agreement or any SOW.

15.Indemnification.

a.Consultant
shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Company from third-party claims arising out of
Consultant’s gross negligence or willful misconduct in performing the Services.

b.Company
shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Consultant from third-party claims alleging that
materials or instructions supplied by Company infringe any intellectual-property right, or
arising from Company’s negligence or willful misconduct.

16.Limitation
of Liability. EXCEPT FOR (a) A PARTY’S WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE and
(b) EACH PARTY’S INDEMNITY OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 15, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE
FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, EVEN
IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY. EACH PARTY’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT
SHALL NOT EXCEED THE FEES PAID OR PAYABLE UNDER THE RELEVANT SOW.

17.Governing
Law and Forum. This Agreement, including its validity, construction, interpretation and
enforcement is governed by the laws of the State of Florida, without regard to the principle
of conflicts of law. Company and Consultant agree that they will not institute any action
against the other except in the state or federal courts of general jurisdiction in Hillsborough
County, State of Florida, and they irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of such courts
and waive any objection they may have to either the jurisdiction or venue of such court.
15. Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communication required or permitted
hereunder, shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given if delivered in person
or by courier, or mailed by certified mail, postage prepaid, as follows:

If
to Company:

Inhibitor
Therapeutics, Inc.

3014
West Palmira Ave Suite 302

Tampa,
FL 33629 Attn: James McNulty, CFO

Email:
jamcnulty@usrxpharma.com

If
to Consultant:

Frameshift
Management, Inc.

1108
Lavaca St, Suite 110-329

Austin,
TX 78701

Email:
legal@frameshiftmgmt.com

Or
to such other address as any Party may notify the other in the manner provided above.

18.Modification
and Waiver. Failure of either Party to insist, in one or more instances, on performance
by the other in strict accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall not
be deemed a waiver or relinquishment of any right granted in this Agreement or of the future
performance of any such term or condition or of any other term or condition of this Agreement,
unless such waiver is contained in a writing signed by the Party making the waiver. This
Agreement may be modified or amended only in writing signed by all of the Parties hereto.

19.Entire
Agreement. This Agreement, including any SOWs, exhibits or attachments hereto, constitutes
the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes
all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, representations, and communications,
whether oral or written, relating to such subject matter—including any previous consulting
agreement between the Parties. No amendment, modification, or waiver of any provision of
this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing and signed by both Parties.

20.Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed
an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The execution
of this Agreement may be by actual, electronic or facsimile signature.

21.Severability.
This Agreement is intended to be performed in accordance with, and only to the extent permitted
by, all applicable laws, ordinances, rules and regulations. If any provision of this Agreement
and the application of such provisions to other persons or circumstances shall not be affected
thereby, but rather shall be enforced to the greatest extent permitted by law.

22.Attorney’s
Fees. In the event that there is any controversy or claim arising out of or relating
to this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys’
fees, costs, and expenses from the non-prevailing party.

23.Headings.
Section headings are intended for ease of reference only and are not to be considered part
of this Agreement and are not intended to be a full and accurate description of the contents
hereof.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first above

INHIBITOR
THERAPEUTICS, INC.

FRAMESHIFT
MANAGEMENT, INC. (Consultant)

By:

By:

Name:
Frank O’Donnell Jr

Name:
Jonathan P. Feldmann

Title:
CEO & Executive Chairman

Title:
Chief Operating Officer

Date:

Date:

EXHIBIT
A

STATEMENT
OF WORK No. 1

This
Statement of Work (“SOW”) is entered into as of this 21st day of October, 2025, between Frameshift Management, Inc. (“Consultant”)
and Inhibitor Therapeutics, Inc. (the “Company”), pursuant to the Master Services Agreement (the “Agreement”)
between the Parties effective October 21, 2025.

1.Project Title:
HP2001 Clinical Study Report Re-Analysis and Re-Framing

2.Services and
Deliverables: This contract is a performance-based arrangement. Consultant shall perform the following services (the “Services”):

●HP2001
Clinical Study Re-Analysis and Re-Framing

●Re-evaluation
and analysis of patient-level data from HP2001, with a primary focus on the assignment of
responses based upon the criteria set forth in the study’s Statistical Analysis Plan.

●Comparison
of that analysis with the evaluation criteria used in the approvals of vismodegib and sonidegib,
and framing the results within the specific clinical context of BCCNS.

●The
deliverables from this re-analysis will include documentation and presentation to management
of the following:

●Regulatory
Pathway Optimization: [***]

●Endpoint
Analysis: [***]

●Reframing:
[***]

●Data
Integrity Framework: [***]

●Strategic
Decision Support: [***]

●FDA
Meeting Request and Preparation

●Based
on the analysis above, we anticipate an opportunity to discuss the clinical path within a
clinical advisory meeting (Type B, C or D) with FDA. This will include the following:

●Briefing
booklet and formal meeting request

●Filing
of an appropriate FDA meeting request, including briefing booklet and any necessary supporting
materials.

●If
FDA accepts a meeting request, we will provide meeting minutes and coordinate follow-up with
the agency for final minutes.

●This
is intended to be a preliminary, clinical advisory meeting with FDA. Additional follow-on
work will be required for subsequent FDA submissions (including NDA filing).

3.Future
SOW: A second stage of the project, outside of the scope of this SOW, anticipates supporting
the Company through the NDA, including regulatory support, presenting and defending our work
and the filings before FDA, assisting with the NDA’s clinical and CMC reports assembly,
and other necessary tasks. This will include delivering a comprehensive pre-NDA clinical
strategy and a full HP2001 clinical study report with new analyses for the NDA filing. This
is not included in the compensation or scope of this SOW. Consultant’s preliminary
estimate for the cost of that future SOW is [***]. Consultant will provide detailed
proposal and revised costs based on the outcome of the FDA meeting described above and based
on Company’s successful completion of the formulation work for the CMC section of the
NDA filing.

4.Term:
The term of this SOW shall commence on October 21, 2025, and shall continue until the deliverables
are completed, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the Agreement.

5.Compensation:
For the Services performed under this Agreement, the Company shall pay Consultant the following
fees:

a.Costs
for the analysis and management presentation described above will be a fixed [***].
Costs for the FDA materials, meeting request, and regulatory work described above will be
a minimum of [***], with additional costs if the scope of regulatory work expands
beyond [***] hours (additional hours to be billed hourly). These costs will be split
into two payments:

i[***]
upon contract execution

ii[***]
upon submission of the FDA meeting request and response from FDA (where the response
may be acceptance of a meeting, declining a meeting, or providing written responses in lieu
of a meeting).

b.Reasonable
and pre-approved business travel and other expenses incurred in performance of the Services
as per the terms of the Agreement.

c.Invoices
will be submitted, and payments will be made upon the terms of the Agreement.

d.Upon
submission of the briefing package 18,000,000 unvested 4-year warrants (“Warrants”)
to purchase an equivalent number of shares of Company common stock at the closing price on
the day prior to execution of this Statement of Work, vesting upon one of the following:
(1) license or sale of the Company’s itraconazole program, (2) sale of a majority of
the Company’s equity (3) a merger or other change of control transaction wherein ownership/management
of the Company’s itraconazole program transfers to a third party, or (4) FDA’s
approval of the Company’s itraconazole program followed by the company proceeding to
commercialize rather than selling or licensing. Warrants will be issued to Frameshift Innovation
LLC, include cashless/net share provisions, and will be governed by a separate Warrant agreement
signed by Frameshift Innovation LLC and Company.

6.Company
Responsibilities: Company will provide access to any documents and related data from
prior studies necessary to complete the Services.

7.Entire
Agreement; Conflict: This SOW, together with the Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement
between the Parties with respect to the Services described herein and supersedes all prior
discussions and understandings between the Parties relating to such Services. In the event
of any conflict or inconsistency between the terms of this SOW and the Agreement, the terms
of the Agreement shall prevail, unless this SOW explicitly states an intent to supersede
a specific provision of the Agreement and is signed by both Parties.

Signature
Page Follows

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this SOW to be executed as of the date first above

INHIBITOR
THERAPEUTICS, INC.

FRAMESHIFT
MANAGEMENT, INC. (Consultant)

By:

By:

Name:
Frank O’Donnell Jr

Name:
Jonathan P. Feldmann

Title:
CEO & Executive Chairman

Title:
Chief Operating Officer

Date:

Date:
