SOURCE: https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/7010041/
TEXT: https://s3.documentcloud.org/documents/7010041/Facebook-Instagram-Emails.txt
TITLE: Facebook Instagram Emails
PAGES: 16
RETRIEVED: 2026-09-12

. from: Mark Zuckerberg
to: David Ebersman
Zuckerberg

 
  

Mark



. time: Mon .Feb 27 23:41:03 PST 2012 (1330414863647)
0 subject: null
0 body

One business questions I've been thinking about recently is how much we should be
willing to pay to acquire mobile app companies like Instagram and Path that are building
networks that are competitive with our own. These companies have the properties where
they have millions of users (up to about 20m at the moment for lnstagram). fast growth. a
small team (10-25 employees) and no revenue. The businesses are nascent but the
networks are established. the brands are already meaningful and ifthey grow to a large
scale they could be very disruptive to us. 'l'hese entrepreneurs don't want to sell (largely
inspired our success), but at a high enough price -- like $500111 or $1 -- they'd have to
consider it. Given that we think our own valuation is fairly aggressive right now and that
we're vulnerable in mobile, I'm curious if we should consider going after one or two of
them. What do you think about this?

CONFIDENTIAL F80015879

HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
NOT FOR MEMBERS AND STAFF ONLY

  
 

from: David Ebersman

. to: Mark Zuckerber
E-bersman' .

0 time: Tue Feb 28 09:37:43 PST 2012 (1330450663315)

0 subject: null

. body

David

I tend to have a high bar for considerations. All the research 1 have seen is that
most deals fail to create the value expected by the acquirer. My instinct is that many deals
are done because the E0 is frustrated that the business is not where they want it to be,
they would rather do something than nothing. and seems like the biggest lever they
have. This is a bad reason to do a deal. So for these two ideas speci?cally, 1 would ask
you to ?nd a compelling elucidation of what you are trying to accomplish. ll neutralize a
potential competitor? Bad reason in my book since someone else will spring up
immediately in their place. There will always be consumers who are instinctively
negative about the industry leaders and want to work with the upstarts. We will always
have upstarts nipping at our heels. We have to win against competitors by having better
products. 2) acquire taient? Seems expensive for this. 3) integrate their products with ours
in order to improve our service? This can be a very compelling reason. if you have a ciear
vision for how the implementation would be great for users and that we cannot do the
product improvements ourselves in a reasonable timeframe. 4) other? Happy to discuss

further.
CONFIDENTIAL FBOO15880
HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED FB-HJC-ACAL-00063221

NOT FOR MEMBERS AND STAFF ONLY

  
 

. from: Mark Zuckerberg
. to: David Ebersman(
Zuckerberg

. Mark

. time: Tue Feb 28 09:55:42 PST 2012 (1330451742327)
0 subject: null
. body

It's a combination 0ft] and (3). The basic plan would be to buy these companies and.
leave their products running while over time incorporating the social dynamics they've
invented into our core products. One thing that may make (1) more reasonable here is that
there are network effects around social products and a ?nite number of different social
mechanics to invent. Once someone wins at a speci?c mechanic. it's difficult for others to
supplant them without doing something different. It's possible someone beats lnstagram
by building something that is better to the point. that they get network migration. but this
is harder as long as lnstagram keeps running as a product. (3) is also a factor but in reality
we already know these companies' social dynamics and will integrate them over the next
12-24 months anyway. The integration plan involves building their mechanics into our
products rather than directly integrating their products i't?that makes sense. By a
combination of l) and (3). one way of looking at this is that what we're really buying is
time. Even if some new competitors springs up. buying lnstagram. Path. Foursquare. etc
now will give us a year or more to integrate their dynamics before anyone can get close
to their scale again. Within that time. if we incorporate the social mechanics they were
using, those new products won't get much traction since we'll already have their
mechanics deployed at scale.

CONFIDENTIAL FBOO15881

HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
NOT FOR MEMBERS AND STAFF ONLY

  

from: Mark Zuckerbe_

. to: David Ebersman( Mark 
0 time: Tue- Feb 38 10:43:09 PST 2012 0330454589214)

. subject:

. body

Above, I didn't mean to imply that we'd be buying them to prevent them from competing
with us in any way. Buying them would give us the people and time to incorporate their
innovations into our core products, which is how we'd do the integration rather than
actually combining the products. I'm mostly excited about what the companies could do
together if we worked to build what they've invented into more people's experiences.

CONFIDENTIAL FBOO15882

HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
NOT FOR MEMBERS AND STAFF ONLY

 

From:

 

 
  

To:
Sent: 2/13/2012 3:44:44 AM
Subject: Chat with
?Si PM me: hey what's up
drivingto dinner but will be able to type more in like 5 min
(?53 PM can we talk for a minute now?
or 5 minutes from now so, not surprisingly, zuck pinged me to say "i'm not sure ifthis is a good idea yet, but i think
maybe facebook should buy instagram, what do you think?" i obviously want to discuss with you
before i reply to him
me: got it
you know him better than I do
nil PM a) will he go into destroy mode if] say no
b) will he understand if we choose to raise instead
(55 PM C) will he understand that I don't want to shutter the product and that doesn't align with what FB does
with companies
probably (and probably also if we just don't engage at all)
b) no, he'll go harder into destroy mode then
(150 PM 0) what i think he would most likely want to see is for instagram to turn into a stand-alone mobile
facebook photos app, like beluga turned into facebook messenger
(VS 7 P\l (re he hasn't indicated anything to me at all there, i'm just speculating)
me: I thought they were already working on something internally for a long time
his PM well what's our goal here then
i could see that merging into instagram
me: fair enough
50 PM are we sure we can't downplay our hand
say we're focused on pretty photos and an open name space and we're not sure how that fits in?
I'm riffmg here
ur goal depends on what you want to do. if you're actually interested in considering selling at the
right price, then i would (slowly) talk with him and try to talk with twitter in parallel. (do not slow
down the series discussions in any event.) if you are of the mind "i don't want to sell at any price"
then we need to ?gure out how to shut this down with minimal damage. i think that means playing it
out REALLY slowly with him.
7w PM yeah, downplaying our position could be a way to play it out really slowly in the latter scenario
if. PM me: well trying to focus on the questions an hesitations he's already having (pretty photos, namespace,
open)
I'm not interested really - even at the right price I don't think so
Tu} PM then we should ?gure out how to shut it down
me: I think so.
Wit-l -any ideas? downplaying our position is a good thought but he's way too smart for "oh never mind
little old us, we're just pretty pictures"
me: it's a little bit crazy but I don't think they go away as an option in the future
sure I'd want to be smarter than that too
Tris -here's one idea: i could tell him "i don't think it makes a ton of sense and i think if you start down
that path you risk a bidding war with twitter and google for this, whereas if you leave it alone it'll
probably just go its own way"
me: well my is why would he ask you knowing it would get to me
-ie facebook is better with an independent instagram than witha instagram that's part of twitter or
CONFIDENTIAL FTC-IG0014305
HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 

NOT FOR MEMBERS AND STAFF ONLY

google
it's a way of approaching you indirectly. smart.

     
 

    
 

me: 
?7150 PM #f course if i make the "leave instagram alone for facebook's sake" argument, he will conclude
at it's best to crush instagram. i guess there's not that much that can be done about that though.
me: hah
7477 PM unless we figure out how to show that insta is pushing lots of content in and that a good thing
but he already knows what small goes in given press articles
and we are going to have overlap in features
PM or you could respond and get more info
like try to understand why he's thinking abt it
7* II) PM "that depends on why you might think its a good idea and bad idea, I can help give pros and cons"
then we can craft the approach rather than guessing
I I PM eah that could make sense. but i doubt he'll tell me his full rationale. he already told me that he
thinks it's bad for anybody else to control posting of photos onto fb at large scale (keep that between
us please), but i think there's more to it
i suspect that what he's really worried about is twitter.
7 I3 PM if twitter and instragram became one company it would make life more dif?cult for facebook.
me: everything is you and 1
nd instagram is a more natural fit for twitter as a product.
YUP
me: I'd agree on that hunch
7 I 3 PM given jack and I having coffee tues
and rinks tomorrow
why are you meeting with -directly if you're not serious about doing something with twitter?
5 PM me: well - he needs to know we're not interested
and they haven't said anything
how's this as a reply to mark: "why do you think it's a good idea? i've never heard kevin express
interest in selling, and the product seems pretty different to me. i actually think instagram can do well
as a stand-alone brand advertising business fwiw."
.7, lo PM (he told me he thinks instagram can't be a good independent business because of how much it's about
photos, but i think that's partially posturing.)
the only reason to include my last sentence is to remove his fear that there will be a twitter deal
me: to be clear theyve said nothing - and I want to maintain a good relationship so I think avoiding him
isn't a good idea when I can just say 
7 PM no
that is unless you think there's a better way to turn them down
and also I thought we wanted some leverage of interest for fundraising
7: I 8 PM eah i think that's ?ne
PM me: I think instead of product seems diff - you may pt out how the existing structure (following and
namespace) doesn't mesh well
or would make it hard to be successful inside
successful acq
7.2 I PM sure
me: but again he's prob thinking more that he doesn't want twitter to have it
less that it will be successful inside
7.22 PM only concern with that approach is it signals "this is a better ?t for twitter". maybe better to
leave it more vaguewhy do you think it's a good idea? i've never heard kevin express interest in
selling, and the product seems pretty different to me. i actually think instagram can do well as a
stand-alone brand advertising business fwiw
oops never mind everything after "vague" above, i hit paste by accident
me: got it
ya I hear that
7.23 PM I mean honestly he seems like a guy with a clear sense of what he wants
CONFIDENTIAL FTC-IG0014306
HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED FB-HJC-ACAL-00101439

NOT FOR MEMBERS AND STAFF ONLY

7 I?\l

7.25 PM

7% PM

7 :7 

7'38 

730 PM

73? PM

71%  

7'33 P\l

733 PM

7:34 

7 ii 

mm yeah
me: and I think getting more info is all we can do
I don't know that we'll be able to sway
in fact what worries me abt the response is that we signal that we're trying too hard to avoid it
ny thoughts on how to not do that?
me: I don't know if we need the stand alone biz thing I think
ok. so just this: "why do you think it's a good idea? i've never heard kevin express interest in
selling, and the product seems pretty different to me."
me: "I've never heard Kevin express interest in selling. the product seems pretty different than what
you're going after. why do you think it's a good idea?
at the end?
I dont care abt the middle sentence
meaning I was wordsmithing
sure that's fine
me: ok why don't we see where that goes
1 do think we have to be careful with twitter conversations so he doesn't get conflicting repts
eP
me: don't want to make any enemies

     

   
 

Ffor sure
ut mark doesn't react emotionally, he reacts based on competition
just sent him that language, we'll see what he says
me: ok good
that's why i think signaling no competition is good
eah, but he's too smart to take our word for it 
i do think the biggest hot button for him is the possibility of a sale to twitter
me: bottom line 1 don't think we'll ever escape the wrath of mark
haha
me: it just depends how long we avoid it
that's why we need to raise 7O build an army and keep our heads down
-one thing to consider is doing some PR around how much we love facebook platform and how
awesome it is to be a complimentary player to facebook
me: it will come
when? I don't know
that's a good idea
eah i think that's a key project to point our pr person at
we need to make it as hard as possible for fb to mess with our ability to get distribution on the
platform
me: reached out to me again - broke his own rule
aha
me: ah I agree
was he chill
me: yes
-see he's learning 
me: ood-
i think we should let him in, even ifit's a small piece. he's such a good dude
haha
me: ah we have to plan for the inevitability of FB hating us
and i actually think we can put him to work recruiting engineers for us
yeah we do
me: I mean twitter is so different
and yet
i think he spends most of his time partying these days, so he has time to recruit for us
me: 

1 like. lot

  

 
 
 

  

  

    

 

  

CONFIDENTIAL FTC-IG0014307

HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
NOT FOR MEMBERS AND STAFF ONLY

and he actually has a good network out of google which i think is probably complimentary to
yours

me: had ood time with-and -
is a good dude
benchmark is about to gear up its engineering recruiting effort btw, but that won't spin up for at

least a cou le of months
7 PM cool reiand - is keen to do this and i think he can be helpful too. i honestly think-
will he] less with recruiting but he's a great guy
yeahhis a great guy, we should include him too. i think our existing plan to have him "?ll in"

the round makes sense

me: a. path stuff with Kleiner?
basicall i think we have room for one of dst,- or - and then we can have-
and/mind .?ll in the rest once the lead sets the price
7-38 l?\l me: yep

well I'm planning on sending sig pages on the grants tonight

and we start talking this week
l?\l -mark just replied and asked if anybody else has tried to buy instagram. i think the best reply is "i

really shouldn't step over boundaries and talk about that, but the answer is not yet."

is that cool?

oh and then he also asked "should ijust talk to kevin directly"? i think he's going to do that anyway, so

i should tell him "yes"

me: isn't the ?rst part contradictory with the secondtell him to talk to me and that I haven't mentioned anyone
but it signals that this won't be a precedent for my telling him that stuff in the future

 
 
 
   

 

   
     

 
   

ok will do
me: ok
then we should talk about how to respond
7 43 ow to respond to what?
me: he will reach out to me
7 4-1 PM I've avoided chatting once and failed

eah. let's see what he says.

  
 

me:
7.45 PM ok chat me later - just sat down to dinner cool?
or we can talk tomorrow

whatevers easiest

 
  

?v PM ure. i'm landing in about an hour so will lose my wifi in about 30 minutes 
have a good dinner 
me: thanks - 
CONFIDENTIAL FTC-IG0014308
HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED FB-HJC-ACAL-OO101441

NOT FOR MEMBERS AND STAFF ONLY

from: Mark Zuckerberg 
to: Mark 

time: Thu Apr 05 01:05:16 PDT 2012 (13336131 16164)
subject: null
body

 

[just need to decide if we're going to buy Instagram

CONFIDENTIAL FBOO15975

HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
NOT FOR MEMBERS AND STAFF ONLY

. from: Mark Zuckerbera

. to: Mark 

0 time: Thu Apr 05 01:12:03 PDT 2012 (1333613523286)
0 subject: null
0 body

  

We have this big issue right now because gaming is shifting from us to mobile platforms.
It's causing all this negative momentum in a bunch of ways around gamer overall user
engagement. ad spend from gamers. overall revenue. etc.

CONFIDENTIAL FBOO15976

HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED FB-HJC-ACAL-00063317
NOT FOR MEMBERS AND STAFF ONLY

   

from: Mark Zuckerber 

to: Mark 

time: Thu Apr 05 01:13:53 PDT 2012 (1333613633057)
subject: null
body

Pinterest and Foursquare are likely more valuable markets than photos.

CONFIDENTIAL FBOO15977

HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
NOT FOR MEMBERS AND STAFF ONLY

   

from: Mark Zuckerberu 

to: Mark Zuckerberg(?.

time: Thu Apr 05 01:14:49 PDT 2012 (1333613689779)
subject: null
body

Instagram can hurt us meaningfully without becoming a huge business though. For the
others. if they become big we'll just regret not doing them.

CONFIDENTIAL FBOO15978

HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED FB-HJC-ACAL-00063319
NOT FOR MEMBERS AND STAFF ONLY

. from: Mark Zuckerberg

. to: Mark 

. time: Thu Apr 05 01:14:58 PDT 2012 (1333613698394)
0 subject: null
0 body

  

Or we can buy them then. or build them along the way.

CONFIDENTIAL FBOO15979

HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED 
NOT FOR MEMBERS AND STAFF ONLY

. from: Mark Zuckerberu

. to: Mark 

. time: Thu Apr 05 01:15:10 PDT 2012 (1333613710460)
. subject: null
. body

  

We're kind of already working on building some version of Foursquare.

CONFIDENTIAL FBOO15980

HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED FB-HJC-ACAL-00063321
NOT FOR MEMBERS AND STAFF ONLY

Outlook Email

From: Mark Zuckerberg

Sent: 4 9 2012 10:09:37 AM

To: 

Subject: RE: CONFIDENTIAL ANNOUNCEMENT

 

Thanks. One reason people underestimate the importance of watd?uing Google is that we can likely always just buy any
competitive startups, but it'll be a while before we can buy Google.

 

m?

Sent: Monday, April 09, 2012 10:04 AM

To: Mark Zuckerberg

Subject: Re: CONFIDENTIAL ANNOUNCEMENT
Well played.

Sent from my iPhone

On Apr 9, 2012, at 9:58 AM, "Mark Zuckerberg" wrote:

Confidential DO NOT SHARE

Hey everyone,

I'm excited to share the news that last night we reached an agreement to acquire Instagram.

Below is a post about the deal that I?m about to put on my timeline. Instagram has built a successful network and
mainstream brand by focusing on building the best mobile photos experience. After spending a lot of time with the Instagram
team over the last few months working on Open Graph, and over the last couple of weeks discussing this, it?s clear we share
the same values and vision for the future of mobile photos.

We are committed to keeping the Instagram brand and growing their app independently. We will also continue on our FB
Camera work. Over time we can build these two products to move closer together as it makes sense.

As always, feel free to ask me any questions you have about this at this week?s open 

Mark

 

Timeline post below:

I'm excited to share the news that we've agreed to acquire Instagram and
that their talented team will be joining Facebook.

For years, we've focused on building the best experience for sharing
photos with your friends and family. Now, we'll be able to work even more
closely with the Instagram team to also offer the best experiences for
sharing beautiful mobile photos with people based on your interests.

We believe these are different experiences that complement each other.
But in order to do this well, we need to be mindful about keeping and
building on Instagram's and features rather than just trying to

CONFIDENTIAL F80020281

HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED FB-HJC-ACAL-00067600
NOT FOR MEMBERS AND STAFF ONLY

integrate everything into Facebook.

That's why we're committed to building and growing Instagram
independently. Millions of people around the world love the Instagram app
and the brand associated with it, and our goal is to help spread this app
and brand to even more people.

We think the fact that Instagram is connected to other services beyond
Facebook is an important part of the experience. We plan on keeping
features like the ability to post to other social networks, the ability

to not share your Instagrams on Facebook if you want, and the ability to
have followers and follow people separately from your friends on Facebook.

These and many other features are important parts of the Instagram
experience and we understand that. We will try to learn from Instagram's
experience to build similar features into our other products. At the same
time, we will try to help Instagram continue to grow by using Facebook's
strong engineering team and infrastructure.

This is an important milestone for Facebook because it's the first time
we've ever acquired a product and company with so many users. We don't
plan on doing many more of these, if any at all. But providing the best
photo sharing experience is one reason why so many people love Facebook
and we knew it wouid be worth bringing these two companies together.

We're looking forward to working with the Instagram team and to all of
the great new experiences we're going to be able to build together.

CONFIDENTIAL
HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED
NOT FOR MEMBERS AND STAFF ONLY

FBOOZOZ82
FB-HJC-ACAL-00067601

