MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT

Acme Holdings Limited and Northwind Data Services Limited

CONFIDENTIAL

This Agreement is made on 14 March 2025 and takes effect from 1 April 2025.

RECITALS

WHEREAS the Customer wishes to procure data processing services on the terms
set out below;

WHEREAS the Supplier is willing to supply those services;

NOW THEREFORE the parties agree as follows.

1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

1.1 "Service Fee" means the monthly charge for the Services set out in the
Order Form, exclusive of value added tax.

1.2 "Measurement Month" means a calendar month during which the Services are
provided for at least one day.

1.3 A reference to a clause is a reference to a clause of this Agreement.

CONFIDENTIAL

2. CHARGES AND PAYMENT

2.1 The Customer shall pay the Service Fee monthly in arrears within 30 days
of the date of the Supplier's invoice.

2.2 Where any undisputed sum is not paid within 30 days of its due date, the
Supplier may charge interest on the overdue amount at 4% per annum above the
Bank of England base rate, accruing daily.

2.3 The Customer may withhold payment of a disputed sum, provided that the
Customer notifies the Supplier of the dispute within 10 days of receipt of the
invoice and pays all undisputed sums when due.

3. SERVICE LEVELS

3.1 The Supplier shall provide the Services with an availability of at least
99.90% in each Measurement Month.

3.2 Availability is calculated as the total number of minutes in the
Measurement Month less Excluded Minutes, divided by the total number of
minutes in the Measurement Month, expressed as a percentage.

3.3 The following are Excluded Minutes:

  (a) Scheduled Maintenance notified at least 5 days in advance;
  (b) an outage caused by the Customer's own network;
  (c) a Force Majeure Event.

CONFIDENTIAL

Page 3 of 4

4. SERVICE CREDITS

4.1 Where availability in a Measurement Month is below the level required by
clause 3.1, the Customer is entitled to a service credit calculated as a
percentage of the Service Fee for that Measurement Month.

4.2 The applicable percentage is determined by reference to the shortfall.

4.2.1 Where availability is less than 99.90% but not less than 99.50%, the
applicable percentage is 5%.

4.2.2 Where availability is less than 99.50% but not less than 99.00%, the
applicable percentage is 10%.

4.2.3 Where availability is less than 99.00%, the applicable percentage is
20%, and this is the maximum credit payable in respect of any one Measurement
Month.

4.3 A service credit is the Customer's sole financial remedy for a failure to
meet the availability level in clause 3.1, save in respect of a failure
continuing for more than 3 consecutive Measurement Months.

5. TERM AND TERMINATION

5.1 This Agreement continues for an initial term of 24 months from the date it
takes effect.

5.2 Either party may terminate this Agreement on 3 months' written notice
given after the initial term.

5.3 Notwithstanding clause 5.2, either party may terminate this Agreement
immediately on written notice where the other party commits a material breach
that remains unremedied 30 days after notice of the breach.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this Agreement on the date first
written above.
